Update the options' descriptions of the neo4j-admin commands according to the code (#1852)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/tools/neo4j-admin/neo4j-admin-import.adoc

* Multiple data sources like these can be specified in one import, where each data source has its own header.
* Files can also be specified using regular expressions.

> It is possible to import files from AWS S3 buckets (from Neo4j 5.19), Google Cloud storage buckets (from Neo4j 5.21), and Azure buckets (from Neo4j 5.24).

Author: ```suggestion
It is possible to import files from AWS S3 buckets, Google Cloud storage buckets, and Azure buckets using the appropriate URI as the path.
```

> For an example, see [import-tool-multiple-input-files-regex-example].

Author: ```suggestion
For an example, see <<import-tool-multiple-input-files-regex-example>>.
```

* Multiple data sources like these can be specified in one import, where each data source has its own header.
* Files can also be specified using regular expressions.

> It is possible to import files from AWS S3 buckets (from Neo4j 5.19), Google Cloud storage buckets (from Neo4j 5.21), and Azure buckets (from Neo4j 5.24).

Author: ```suggestion
It is possible to import files from AWS S3 buckets, Google Cloud storage buckets, and Azure buckets using the appropriate URI as the path.
```

* Multiple data sources like these can be specified in one import, where each data source has its own header.
* Files can also be specified using regular expressions.

> It is possible to import files from AWS S3 buckets (from Neo4j 5.19), Google Cloud storage buckets (from Neo4j 5.21), and Azure buckets (from Neo4j 5.24).

Author: ```suggestion
It is possible to import files from AWS S3 buckets, Google Cloud storage buckets, and Azure buckets using the appropriate URI as the path.
```

* Multiple data sources like these can be specified in one import, where each data source has its own header.
* Files can also be specified using regular expressions.

> It is possible to import files from AWS S3 buckets (from Neo4j 5.19), Google Cloud storage buckets (from Neo4j 5.21), and Azure buckets (from Neo4j 5.24).

Author: ```suggestion
It is possible to import files from AWS S3 buckets, Google Cloud storage buckets, and Azure buckets using the appropriate URI as the path.
```
